before beginning the process of
dismantling the operator to double well
the lugs the tire on both sides
leaving the heels completely
off the wheel rims
place the disassembly spatula between
the bead of the tire and keeps wheels with the
foot help
press the paw space so that the same
fit properly between the tire and
now hold the spatula and make a
lever movement providing the
start of disassembly of the top bead
continue this movement to the ticket
top or be fully released from
route
this should occur when the car of the
spatula lying next to the tire
for disassembly of the smaller size
fit the indicated bracket
turning the spatula in the starting position
will be necessary and a few steps until
got a correct fight fit
the previous one and in this operation by the bank
turning the spatula in opposition
contrary
completing the entire process